Update change-tracking-cli.mdx (#15552)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/change-tracking/change-tracking-cli.mdx

## Install the CLI [#install-cli]

> We have a new version of [the CLI](/docs/change-tracking/change-tracking-cli/) that enables you to send GraphQL mutations to create markers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a new version of [the CLI](/docs/new-relic-solutions/tutorials/new-relic-cli) that enables you to send GraphQL mutations to create markers.
```
